Turbidity is the cloudiness or haziness of a fluid caused by large numbers of individual particles that are generally invisible to the naked eye, similar to smoke in air. The measurement of turbidity is a key test of water quality.

 (or haze) is also applied to transparent solids such as glass or plastic. In plastic production, haze is defined as the percentage of light that is deflected more than 2.5° from the incoming light direction.

 WQMS controls sensors placed in water
 ...collects anolgue data into digital format
 ...store in sqlite database
 ...retrieved and processed
 ...to be rendered in a simple web interface on the front




 Good water quality is essential for the health of our aquatic ecosystems. 
 Continuous water quality monitoring is an important tool for catchment management authorities, providing real-time data for environmental protection and tracking pollution sources; 
 however, continuous water quality monitoring at high temporal and spatial resolution remains prohibitively expensive. 
 An affordable wireless aquatic monitoring system will enable cost-effective water quality data collection, assisting catchment managers to maintain the health of aquatic ecosystems. 
 In this paper, a low-cost wireless water physiochemistry sensing system is presented. The results indicate that with appropriate calibration, a reliable monitoring system can be established. 
 This will allow catchment managers to continuously monitoring the quality of the water at higher spatial resolution than has previously been feasible, and to maintain this surveillance over an extended period of time. 
 In addition, it helps to understand the behavior of aquatic animals relative to water pollution using data analysis

Rao, A.S., Marshall, S., Gubbi, J., Palaniswami, M., Sinnott, R.O., & Pettigrovet, V. (2013). Design of low-cost autonomous water quality monitoring system. 2013 International Conference on Advances in Computing, Communications and Informatics (ICACCI), 14-19.